Reworked how AutoId works (#54569)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/quarkus-data-hibernate.adoc

[source,java]
----
@Id
public IdType id;
----

> WARNING: This is not automatically generated so you will have to fill in the identifier value manually on creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: The identifier here is not automatically generated so you will have to fill in its value manually on creation.
```

Author: I did a mix.
